README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

added filter by class and updated readme file

README.md, after:

# Project Setup Instructions

## Running Locally

### Install Dependencies

npm install

## Running the Project

### Start the Project

npm run dev

This command launches the project in development mode.

## Building for Production

### Create a Production Build

npm run build

## Firebase Configuration

Before running the project locally, configure Firebase:

1. Create an app in Firebase.
2. Add Firebase credentials to your `.env.local` file.
3. Enable authentication in the Firebase console.
4. Create a Firestore database in the Firebase console.

## Firestore Index Creation

To enable efficient class filtering, create the required index in the Firebase console:

1. Visit the Firebase console for your project.
2. Go to the Firestore database section.
3. Create the necessary composite index. Firestore may prompt you with a link if an index is required.

   Alternatively, manually create the composite index for the combination of `class` and `name` fields.

After completing these steps, you should be able to run the project locally with the class filter functionality working as expected.
